>> Marcy Sutton: So accessibility.
To me, this is all about making
the web more inclusive with and
for people with disabilities.
So including people with disabilities and
our user testing and our design reviews,
working with people so that we're making
the most accessible projects we can.
And, all the time, trying to make
things accessible regardless of whether
we are working with people with
disabilities but that should be your goal.
And a resource that I really like to learn
about how accessibility applies to all of
us is
Microsoft's Inclusive Design Toolkit.
And I have a link in the slides,
it is a PDF download at
bit.ly/microsoft-inclusive-toolkit.
And what I like about this resource is
they have a series of personas that talk
about how accessibility can apply to
someone who has a permanent disability.
Maybe you're blind from birth,
or maybe you break your arm or
you had eye surgery, so more of
a situational or temporary disability.
An inclusive design is the practice
that we're designing for
all of these different scenarios and
personalities and
just all the different ways
of life that humans have.
And so being able to bake that into
our designs and our websites and
our web applications, to me is amazing.
Technology can be a big equalizer.
But unfortunately,
it is not always top of mind.
I hear a lot of people say,
it's not something we're strong at, and
I'm pretty optimistic.
I think we can learn and
we can do better with every commit and
every pull request and
every project that we work on.
So, don't get discouraged, just do it
a little bit as you go along, try and
get better and
we'll make a big difference that way.
>> Marcy Sutton: So
JavaScript applications,
they're everywhere whether we like them or
not.
So, some key aspects of JavaScript
applications are that they're
client-rendered.
So, where the application is taking over
from the browser in a lot of cases, so
that there is no traditional page reload.
That means JavaScript handling a lot of
routing, doing a lot of interactions.
If you think of Facebook,
if you click a like button,
it doesn't refresh the whole page.
And users have come to expect
that sort of interaction.
And that's really common with
JavaScript applications.
And there's accessibility
implications with that.
A lot of these apps are built with
frameworks like React, Vue, Ember,
Angular.
They're sometimes rendered
on the server as well.
There might be a server rendering
component that we call hydration.
What that means is that you
have an application that
you can render without JavaScript on.
And then when JavaScript is available and
the scripts download,
it will actually hydrate your
app into a full web application.
And that's what Gatsby does, and
we'll look a little bit at that later on.
But I think of JavaScript applications as
being both challenges and opportunities.
There's plenty of challenges,
but there's also opportunity.
So, we're gonna focus on the opportunities
today, and a lot of the mechanics and
some of the basic patterns that you should
be considering in your web applications.
We definitely can't get to all of it and
we could go much,
much deeper into a lot of these patterns.
But I wanna show you the concepts that
you need to know if you're building
an application for accessibility.
>> Marcy Sutton: So here's what
we're gonna cover in this course.
We'll start with accessibility
debugging to set you up for
the rest of the things that
we'll do during the day.
We'll get into accessibility in JavaScript
applications, and the big parts of that
that I'm covering are focused management,
announcements for screen readers.
Semantic HTML, unobtrusive motion and
animation, progressive enhancement.
And then we'll do a bit of automated
testing later on with unit tests and
integration tests.
So that if you're doing all this work for
accessibility,
you can ensure that it's
baked in your application.
And, either a co-worker won't break it or
you won't break it in case you
forgot how that feature worked.
It's a bit of a contract that you
can build in your applications, and
accessibility has a big part of that.
And then we'll do some Q&A I think
throughout but then especially at the end